######Computer Graphics

#Day 9
##Class
###gl.DRAW_ELEMENTS
You can use indices to draw quadrilaterals faster. `gl.DRAW_ELEMENTS`

###Barycentric coordinates
Barycentric coordinates, using affine combination with 3 points. The barycentric coordinate of any point P inside a triangle with vertices a, b, and c 

###Mendelbrot and Julia sets
Depending on the number n at which point z_n passes a threshold, color the fragment differently.

Mandelbrot set:

```
z_0 = 0
c = x+ yi
z_n+1 = z_n^2 + c
```

Julia Set:

```
z_0 = x+iy
c = 0.2 + 0.7i
z_n+1 = z_n^2 + c
```

rotation around a given vector:

1. Align the coordinates to the x, y, z axis; do a rotation, move the coordinates back
2. Leave the projection of coordinate; Do a rotation only on the v - proj using cross-product and add it back

##Assignment
The second part of assignment #3 was to create rectangles continuously upon clicking two points on the canvas. One problem I ran into is that I cannot dynamically increase (or decrease) the size of the buffer data. In the specs, the role of .bufferData() and .bufferSubData is specified as the following:

- `WebGLRenderingContext.bufferData()` method of the WebGL API initializes and creates the buffer object's data store.
- `WebGLRenderingContext.bufferSubData()` method of the WebGL API updates a subset of a buffer object's data store.

Without having to send the entire list of vertices, I can "add" data using .bufferSubData. This is in reality just changing the values in the buffer and does not seem to be able to update the size of the buffer itself. The workaround that I have right now is simply setting a constant MAX_RECTANGLES to create the buffer of a certain size and not input any more rectangles beyond the number. If I want more rectangles, I'll have to statically change the constant itself. Not really a workaround.

I tried passing `0`, `null`, `-1` as the size (a GLsizeiptr data) but none of them works.

##QnA
Why depth test is needed? - read book